[7.15] [DOCS] Updates create index pattern (#106935) (#109749)
elastic/kibana: docs/concepts/index-patterns.asciidoc

{kib} requires an index pattern to access the {es} data that you want to explore.
An index pattern selects the data to use and allows you to define properties of the fields.

An index pattern can point to one or more indices, {ref}/data-streams.html[data stream], or {ref}/alias.html[index aliases].
For example, an index pattern can point to your log data from yesterday,
or all indices that contain your data.

[float]
[[index-patterns-read-only-access]]
=== Required permissions

> * Access to *Index Patterns* requires the <<xpack-kibana-role-management, {kib} privilege>>

Author: ```suggestion
* Access to *Index Patterns* requires the <<xpack-security-authorization, {kib} privilege>>
```

`Index Pattern Management`.

> * To create an index pattern, you must have the <<xpack-kibana-role-management,{es} privilege>>

Author: ```suggestion
* To create an index pattern, you must have the <<xpack-security-authorization,{es} privilege>>
```
